Update 8 + 5.2 (#258)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/banComplex.md

> # $ban

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# $ban[]
```

> Bans the mentioned user with the reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bans the mentioned user with a reason.
```

## Syntax
```
$ban[reason]
```

### Parameters

> - `reason`: The reason for this action, which will be sent to the audit-log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `reason`: The reason for this action, which will be saved in the audit-log.
```
